CALL FOR PAPERS

Eighth International Conference on Big Data Analytics
December 15-18, 2020
Hosted by Ashoka University (The conference will be held FULLY ONLINE due to the COVID-19 pandemic situation.)
Sonepat (Delhi, NCR), India
http://www.bda2020.org/

Updates:
1) Paper submission deadline has been extended to Sep 7, 2020.
2) We plan to have an exciting conference programme, which includes keynote talks by highly distinguished and top researchers such as Prof. Masaru Kitsuregawa (University of Tokyo, Japan), Prof. Ouri Wolfson (University of Illinois at Chicago, USA) and Prof. H.V. Jagadish (University of Michigan, USA).
3) The conference will also have three stimulating multi-disciplinary workshops on the topics of Big Data associated with political data science, air quality and agriculture.

The 8th International Conference on Big Data Analytics (BDA 2020) will be held during December 15-18, 2020. The conference will be organized and hosted by Ashoka University. BDA 2020 provides an international forum for researchers and industry practitioners to share their original research results, practical experiences and thoughts on big data from different perspectives including storage models, data access, computing paradigms, analytics, information sharing and privacy, redesigning mining algorithms, open issues and future research trends.


BDA 2020 invites original, technically sound, high-quality research papers proposing novel solutions addressing the problems related to big data analytics as well as case studies and practical experiences with big data. Major topics of interest to the conference include, but are not limited to:


Analytics as a Service
Architectural Design for Big Data
Big Data Analytics for Governance
Conceptual/cognitive/programming Models for Big data analytics
Clustering of Big Data
Data Fusion and Multi Modal Analytics
Data Models for Big Data Analytics
Domain-specific Analytics
Index Structures for Big Data Analytics
Interaction Design for Exploratory Analytics
Machine Learning techniques for Big Data
Large-scale recommendation systems and graph analysis

Model Discovery from Big Data
NoSQL and non-standard Data Models
Physical Data Organization for Big Data
Predictive Modelling
Rule Mining from Big Data
Scalability and Performance issues
Security, privacy and legal issues specific to big data
Semantics of Big Data
Streaming Data Analytics
Summarization and Materialized views
Topic Modelling
Unstructured and Semi-structured Data Mining


Research Track Submissions

Each paper should contain an abstract of approximately 300 words having a page limit of 20 pages in the LNCS style. The  submissions including the title page, references and appendix. For preparing the manuscript, please see instructions for authors by Springer, in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series (LNCS). BDA proceedings will be published by Springer’s LNCS series. Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit extended versions of their work to IJCSE Journal.

Submission Link: https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=bda2020

Important Dates: (All times in PST)

Full Paper Submissions Deadline: Sep 7, 2020, 23:59 PST
Research Paper Notifications: October 10, 2020, 23:59 PST
Camera-ready Submission Deadline: October 20, 2020, 23:59 PST


Call for Tutorials
----------------------------------

The BDA 2020 organizing committee invites proposals for half – day and full - day tutorials on established and emerging topics in the areas of Big Data Analytics and other related areas. Information for submission of each type of proposal is provided on the conference website.

Tutorial submission deadline has been extended to September 4, 2020.

Contact/PC Co-Chairs of BDA 2020:

Ladjel Bellatreche (bellatreche@ensma.fr), ENSMA, France
Hamido Fujita (hfujita-799@acm.org), Iwate Prefectural University, Japan
Vikram Goyal (vikram@iiitd.ac.in), IIIT Delhi, India

Contact information of General Chair:
Anirban Mondal (anirban.mondal@ashoka.edu.in; anirban2345@gmail.com), Ashoka University, India